Hi, I'm Pastor Torren Brooks and welcome to Faith Christian Church.
So glad you decided to join us today.
For the next 30 minutes, we're going to be looking through God's Word and finding ways for it to apply to our lives today.
Hope you enjoy this morning's sermon.
And this are Paul's words in Philippians chapter three starting in verse 12.
He says this, Not that I have already attained, nor am I already perfected, but I press on that I am a late hold of that for which Christ Jesus has also laid hold
of me.
Brethren, I do not count myself to have apprehended, but one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forward to those things which are ahead.
I press towards the goal for the prize of the upward call of God in Christ Jesus.
Therefore, let us as many as are mature have this in mind that if in anything you think otherwise, God will reveal even this to you.
Nevertheless, to the degree that we have already obtained, let us walk by the same rule.
Let us be of the same mind.
Now, Paul starts off the Scripture after he's talking about people who have given their all for Christ.
Now, we talked last week about the chapter before that when Paul was talking about people who have suffered.
We called the guy Ed.
Ed wasn't his real name.
He had some really long name in which his mother invented to make
you know, 21st century pastors trip over their tongues.
But you have this idea that here's a guy who has almost given his life for the cause.
Paul says, this is the kind of guys you need to give credit to.
And in first part of chapter three, he talks about separating the people who are not of us from the people who are of us and the people who are full of power and going after the prize.
And then he says, but before you get all bigheaded in the idea that
Because you have suffered for God, you have attained some kind of status.
Let me just say for a moment, none of us have attained.
And isn't it true?
I think if we were to be honest with ourselves this morning and take a self-evaluation, we would find that we have not made it.
I don't know about you, but I have had in my Bible that I keep locked up in my safe.
It's the very first Bible my dad ever bought me when I started to preach the Gospel.
I have in it a list of paper with all the goals and dreams that I had as a young person that I wanted to achieve.
And I think only one of those I've achieved.
One of my biggest goals was to find a woman who would marry me.
That was my biggest goal because all through high school I didn't date anybody until I met Bethany.
Actually, I was at my last semester as a senior in high school.
I won't go into that whole story but there are things that I had on that list that I wanted to achieve but I never really got to and some of those things I'm still working on but the whole process has not been completed yet.
You know when I hear scriptures like this and say Jesus is the author and the finisher of our faith, it puts me in the mindset to believe that all the things I'm going through in life are to help me to become better.
I often tell my kids when they get mad at each other, and that's usually every hour, that you can either become better or you can become bitter.
If you become bitter, it will take you down.
If you become better, it will lift you up.
Paul is saying, listen, none of us have achieved.
He said, if we're really going to get anywhere in life, if we're really going to become anything in Christ Jesus, we have to do this.
We have to put aside the things of the past.
and let those things go and press forward.
And press forward towards the mark.
When most people talk about this mark, especially other pastors and speakers I've heard, they look at this mark as some kind of achievement level.
Now I like achievement levels.
I think when you reach goals, it's great.
I like the fact that most of the things I do now, I try to make for achievement levels, kind of like on video games.
Now I know none of you are
or so unholy that you actually play video games.
But there are some video games that every time you make an achievement level, they throw a flag and there's a little popcorn or something that flies up in here.
You feel good that you've achieved the level.
Paul's saying, listen, there are some levels that we haven't achieved yet.
And to get there, we've got to let go of as much stuff as we can to press forward in our lives.
Now, that's easy for some, not so easy for others.
Because sometimes it's our past that defines us instead of what we want our future to be.
There's two examples that Jesus gives in Jesus' life story that happened to him that he encountered two different people.
One was unable to put away his past and move forward.
And the other was able to put everything in his past away and move forward.
Turning your Bibles to Matthew chapter 19.
starting in verse number 16.
Here we have a story very familiar about a young man who actually is never named in the Bible.
All we know about this young man is he is defined by what he has and by his status in life.
Now verse 16 starts saying this.
Now behold, one came to him
Now behold, one came and said to him, good teacher, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life?
Now let me stop right there and just say, now listen, when you're reading the Bible and you see the word behold, it is a moment for you to turn on your mind.
Have you ever heard that idea that when you come into church, you have to shut your brain off?
Well, me neither.
I don't know where the concept comes from.
I don't know who said I'm just going to come in the church and vegetate.
But people do.
When you see the word behold, you know what that means?
It means to turn on your imagination.
There's something in the story you need to see.
See, behold is a visual cue that in the story something is there, something you've got to use your imagination.
I understand.
Some of us have more imagination than others.
It's okay.
I'm going to share with you my imagination this morning.
So you will not be lacking anything in imagination.
All right?
Let's look at it.
He says, behold, one came and said to him, good teacher, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life?
Now, imagine this guy.
The Bible calls him rich young ruler.
So obviously he is dressed for the occasion.
And he walks up to Jesus.
and trying to make a spectacle because, listen, the last guy that came to Jesus, really wanting to know about eternal life, when did he come to Jesus?
Do you remember?
At night, in the dark.
His name was Nicodemus in John chapter three.
And when he comes to Jesus, this is a real ruler of the synagogue.
He's a real person of interest.
And Nicodemus sneaks into Jesus in the middle of the night, trying to find answers about eternal life.
He finds answers, but they're all cryptic because
And Jesus looks at him and goes, you should understand this by now.
You're a scribe.
You should understand the things that are written in the Word, but he didn't.
But Nicodemus came tonight.
This guy, dressed in a full, probably full royal regalia, comes up and addresses Jesus in a way that he thinks would give him better credibility in the eyes of Jesus.
And he says, oh, good teacher, what good thing must I do to inherit eternal life?
And Jesus,
God has just got to look at this guy and go, really?
Really?
Because the motive doesn't seem to be.
Jesus said to him, verse 17, why do you call me good?
No one is good, but one, that is God.
But if you want to enter into life, keep the commandments.
Jesus says, can we just say right off the bat,
before you start saying good over and over again, that there's only one good person that's God.
Now, we understand, because we've had a couple thousand years to look at the text, that we understand that Jesus is the Son of God, and He is good.
And we define Him as good.
The literal interpretation in the English language of good is better than.
So, yeah, we understand Jesus is better than.
Was He better than all the teachers of His day?
Of course He was.
because they're all dumbfounded at what he's saying.
He's giving them the truth of God's Word.
But he says, not as good but God, but if you want to enter into life.
Now I love this.
He didn't say eternal life.
He said, if you want to enter into life, if you want to enter into life, keep the commandments.
So like any good American, northeasterner, the rich young ruler takes a step back, says, all right, fine.
Which ones?
Now, that doesn't make a lot of sense to you.
That sounds kind of weird and kind of cryptic because you would think that it would be all of them, right?
You would think it'd be all keep the commandments.
Well, how many are there?
Well, at this particular time, there's like 617.
Here's a bunch.
Most of them are very simple to keep.
Thou shalt not kill.
Yep.
They're pretty simple.
You know, remember the Sabbath day.
Hey, I love vacation.
Great.
Don't have to cook.
Don't have to clean.
Don't have to work.
Oh, you don't have to carry anything.
If you're keeping the Sabbath in, your wife says, I want you to pick up that laundry and carry it to the bedroom.
Whoa.
No, I'm not allowed.
The Lord said, rest.
And then if you're
spouses like my spouse, she'll say, but the Lord isn't married to you.
I am.
Get up and get the laundry in.
But I just got this idea of keep the commandments.
Well, this guy says, well, which one's like there are some value greater than or less than of others.
But in reality, they're all important.
You realize there's no unimportant commandment.
Well, the 10 and then there's the yeah, it's they're all important.
They're all important because they're the laws that keep us moving forward.
I heard somebody the other day say that they didn't like the fact that the 10 commandments are still posted in courthouses.
That's because people are guilty of them.
Nobody likes to be guilty under the law.
It's kind of like I told you, I say it over and over again.
You never have to worry about getting a speeding ticket if you never speed.
If you're not guilty, if you're not doing something unlawful, you don't have to worry about getting caught by the law.
This guy's like, Jesus, would you please tell me which are the important commandments?
Because here I am, important person.
I want to know which are the real ones to follow and which ones are just kind of, yeah.
So Jesus says to him and he gives him a list.
Now, if I was, if I've been Jesus and I'm glad I wasn't,
because I don't like pain.
And the first time I would have been hit with a whip, I would have quit.
But Jesus gives him a list.
Now, Jesus didn't have to give him a list.
Jesus could have just said, you know what?
Do them all.
Even the little bitty ones about picking up birds.
You know, do them all.
You've got to do them all.
But instead, he gives them a list.
And this is the list he gives them.
Jesus said, you shall not murder.
You shall not commit adultery.
You shall not steal.
You shall not bear false witness.
You honor your father and your mother and you shall love your neighbor as yourself.
That seems like a pretty good list.
In fact, it seems like a pretty concise list.
But if you value this, if you take a copy of the Ten Commandments and you put it beside this list, you realize Jesus has done something in listing these commandments.
You know what he's done?
He's taken out all the ones that involve action with God.
Look at it.
The first three commandments and keep the Sabbath holy, that's missing.
Because what Jesus understands is this guy doesn't really care if he's connecting with God.
All he wants to do is connect the way he looks to other people.
Because sometimes it's all about how we look and how we appear.
Sometimes it's all about what people think and what people say.
kind of feeding into the rich young ruler's idea of what really living for him is all about, gives him the list of all the ones that involve relationships with other people, but leaves out all the ones that involve a relationship with God.
Can I be honest with you?
This morning, you can never have an authentic relationship with a person unless you have an authentic relationship with God.
All pastor, I got friends.
I'm talking about relationships.
See, because the person that tells me that they can have a relationship with somebody without having a relationship with God is the same person that calls me saying, I don't know what happened.
Everything's going bad and all my friends have left.
Really.
I'm not surprised.
Because when your relationships are founded on anything other than God, when they fall apart, they collapse completely.
I've told people before, and I will say this with great conviction.
The reason my marriage has lasted 17 years is because before we knew each other, Bethany and I both knew God.
And because our relationship was founded on God,
And because God was the focal point and the foundation of our relationship, even when we had days we didn't like each other, we still had God.
Jesus gives this rich young ruler an opportunity to say, Hey, what about that shall not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain?
Isn't that important?
How about don't make any false images?
But instead, the young man smiles and this is what he says to Jesus, all these things I have kept from my youth, what do I still lack?
Look, this guy, you gotta think that this young ruler has probably got a grin on his face a mile wide right now.
If these are the most important ones, if this is what it takes to have eternal life, man, I've got it.
I've arrived.
I'm on my way.
I have achieved what I want to achieve.
I have reached perfection.
But the reality is, he never even once said to Jesus, did you like leave out some?
What about, now shall have no other gods before me?
What about, remember the Sabbath?
Did you forget some?
He doesn't.
Instead, he says, well, I've done all that.
Then Jesus says to him, very relevant for what we just read from Paul.
Jesus said to him, verse 21, if you want to be perfect, wow, Jesus actually is feeding so much into this guy's ego.
He's feeding what he wants to hear until he gets to this point.
If you want to be perfect, go sell what you have, give it to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven.
Come and follow me.
See, sometimes we think Jesus only called twelve.
He actually called more, but not everybody could follow.
All of a sudden, this rich young ruler is sitting there and he realizes he has hit a brick wall called reality.
And that is that everything about him is defined by the money he has.
That's why they call him the rich young ruler.
They didn't call him the handsome young ruler.
They didn't call him the man who traveled with nice clothes on.
They called him rich because he had a lot.
And yet he skipped over God.
And when he was confronted with the idea of having to get rid of his identity, he couldn't do it.
He absolutely could not let go.
And because he could not let go, the Bible said when he heard what Jesus said, he went away sorrowful for he had great possessions.
ran royal entrance into the conversation, sorrowful, hurtful exit to the conversation.
Why?
Because perfection is not about stuff.
And perfection is not about our relationships with each other.
Perfection is about our relationship with God.
It's about striving to fix this relationship.
Because listen, you can't have these relationships without this relationship.
Or they're going to fall flat every time.
Every single time they will.
Because people are fickle.
Just watch sports teams on TV.
I mean, look, I'm going to let you in on a secret.
Tonight, Tom Brady has a good night.
People will cheer his name, accolades will be spread all over the news.
People will just lift him up as the leader of the team.
If he has a bad night, they're gonna throw him under the bus.
Come on, I'm talking about, I mean, because it's not about the man, it's about the team.
No, it's not, look, now you can't have your cake, you need it too, unless you're a good baker.
But the idea is, look, people are fickle.
God is not.
God doesn't change.
He has loved you since before the creation of the earth and he still loves you despite what we do.
Isn't that great to know?
I hope you're encouraged by that statement as much as I am because I'm glad God still cares for me.
I can mess up royally and know that God still loves me.
This young man though, he comes to Jesus with this idea of showing Jesus how close he is to perfection, only to realize that because he has failed to connect with his relationship to God, he has missed the point entirely.
And the chance is he'll probably miss heaven too.
We never hear anymore about this rich young ruler.
We have no idea what happens to him.
All we know is when he leaves, he loves his stuff more than he loves the idea of eternal life.
And it's sad.
But not everybody had the same conclusion.
If you'll turn over to Luke chapter 19, there's another man who also had great possessions and was also called rich.
And yet his encounter with Jesus is something entirely different.
His encounter with Jesus is odd to say the least.
But it is one who is very interesting.
Luke chapter 19 verse 1 says this, when Jesus entered in Pastor Jericho, now behold, okay, here we go again.
Isn't that neat?
I think if you take the time to look out, count how many beholds there are into Bible, you're going to be really shocked.
But here we are, a behold moment, a moment to what?
Turn on our imaginations to view the scene, to catch the entirety of the picture.
Jesus doesn't want us to leave anything out of the story of what's going on.
Behold, there was a man named Zacchaeus who, if somebody hasn't taught us how to pronounce, we would also have been mad at his mother for naming him one of these long names with multiple vowel sounds.
who was the chief tax collector and he was, what's your Bible saying?
Rich.
Rich young ruler, rich tax collector, but two very different people.
And he sought to see who Jesus was, but he could not because of the crowd for he was of short statue.
Now, what does this mean?
It means he was short.
He was small.
But you know what, sometimes we think of Zacchaeus being really, really short, but you've got to understand the crowds around Jesus at this time were really, really large too.
He wouldn't have had to bend four foot to be short to not see over the crowd.
He could have been five, you know, five-ten and still not seen over the crowd.
We have no idea how short he was, but what we know is he's not getting up to the front to see Jesus because he's a tax collector.
You know the people were that were getting up close to Jesus at these events?
Are these parades?
The people who got up close to Jesus were like scribes and Pharisees.
They were the people who were the end crowd in religious conversation because they were the ones that were always testing him and trying him.
It was the lawyers of the day.
The people who were people of great esteem in communities who said, hey, Jesus is coming to town.
You know what I think I'll do?
I think I'll throw a parade.
And guess who's going to sit next to Jesus at the banquet?
me because I'm paying for all this.
And we're going to say, Jesus has come to our town.
He's a great teacher.
And we're going to have him in.
And people like tax collectors aren't welcome because they're like, yeah, I don't know, evil.
Things don't change much, do they?
No, I'm just kidding.
Just asking.
There's not a lot of people with their opinion of the IRS in about 90 days.
But the idea was is that these tax collectors just
just were hated people.
Even if the crowd saw Zacchaeus couldn't see Jesus, there's no way they're letting that rich, snobby little tax collector get close to the Messiah.
For crying out loud, the disciples wouldn't even let the children come near Jesus.
Do you remember that?
Parents are wanting to bring their kids to Jesus, and the disciples are like, shoo, go away.
Smelly children, go.
You want to get the Messiah dirty.
All that dirt you're playing in.
come up and hug Jesus, it'll take us a week to clean off all those smudges.
Jesus looks at Tim and says, you know what?
You offend one of these kids, you might as well go drown yourself.
Oh, Pastor Jesus never said that.
All right, here's what Jesus exactly said.
If you offend one of these little ones, it's better for you to take a millstone and tie it around your neck and jump into the sea.
So Jesus is essentially saying, go drown yourself.
Don't offend the little kids.
Let the little kids come to church.
So you got to clean up a little more than normal.
It's okay.
You know, so there'll be stains from time to time.
I'll never forget the first time I saw, I was a janitor at a church and I saw this kid, he brought in a juice cup.
The mother took off the lid.
The kid didn't want the mother to take off the lid.
And the kid knocked the cup out of the mother's hand and juice.
I'm not talking about the clear juice.
I'm talking about the dark, staining stuff.
Stuff that won't even come out of anything.
It went all over the pew and the mother was horrified.
You know what I told her?
It's okay.
It's a pew.
It's not going to go, oh, look how horrible I look.
I can never be in church anymore.
It's a pew.
They're going to get dirty.
The carpet, there will always be stains on pink carpet because it's pink.
It's not about that.
It's about letting people get into Jesus.
And this guy realizes nobody's going to let him in.
So he does the very best thing he can.
The Bible says he ran ahead of the group and climbed into a sycamore tree to see him for he was going to pass by that way.
This guy would be considered a modern day sniper.
He is snuck up into the tree.
For a glimpse of Jesus, He's going to do what He can't do otherwise.
Whether He can't physically or people won't let Him.
See, all pastors, I don't really believe people wouldn't let Zacchaeus see Jesus.
Oh, you want to bet?
There are people every day that try to keep other people out of church.
Happens today all the time.
And yet, Jesus still says, please bring Him.
Please come.
Please, please be a part.
Please don't let things get in your way.
Here's the behold moment.
Jesus is walking down the road.
The Bible says he came to the place and he looked up and saw him.
Jesus is surrounded by how many hundreds of people?
He is, he is surrounded and, and sycamore trees are, are, are, you know, a tree climbed up in it.
You know if he's up in the tree, if it's spring time or summer time that may have been leaves everywhere, we don't quite know what the condition of the tree was, what season it was, all we know is that all of a sudden Jesus is walking and Jesus does what Jesus always does.
He gets in the moment and he stops and he looks up.
Now, if the crowd had seen Zacchaeus, they would have probably thought he had come to kill Jesus.
For some reason,
He's probably wearing good camo.
They had camo back then.
He's probably camouflaged pretty good in a tree, but Jesus doesn't always care about outward appearance.
The Bible says God looks on the heart.
And for some reason he saw in that tree a man who was wanting to catch a glimpse of him, to speak to him, and all of a sudden Jesus looks up and instead of saying, there's a guy in that tree.
Jesus says something totally different.
He looks up and says to him, Zacchaeus, make haste and come down.
For today, I must stay at your house.
Now, if you're the guy who's throwing the parade, you're the guy who's already made the banquet preparations, you're the guy who's already made rooms at the, at the, at the every day in, you know, you've already, you've already reserved everything, everything set for Jesus and his disciples.
And all of a sudden Jesus says, Hey,
Most hated guy in the entire area.
I think I'll go to your house for supper.
The guy holding the parade is probably going, you're kidding me.
Do you not know how many months it takes to do this?
Do you not realize how much trouble it took?
And we had to hire people to play tambourines.
Because, you know, people just don't do that on their own, you know.
You're looking at me like I'm crazy, but you know the Bible said there were professional dancers and professional mourners in the Bible.
If you didn't have enough people to cry at your funeral, you just hired some.
People think that's strange, but it actually happened.
You would actually say, you would actually have people.
Jarius, you remember the story of Jarius?
Jarius' daughter dies and all the people are out mourning and the people look at Jesus and go, you're nuts.
Leave him alone.
Besides, we're here.
We're already mourning.
We're already singing the songs.
You're going to interrupt what we're getting paid to do.
And besides, if he raises her from the dead, they might not get paid.
Since that kiss, I'm coming to your house.
Verse 6 says, So he made haste and came down and received him joyfully.
But when they saw it, who do you think that they are?
Like everybody else.
Like all the people that were in the parade, all the people that were the chief leaders and the people who had welcomed Jesus to town, he says, when they saw it, they complained.
No, really?
Sound like the children of Israel in the wilderness.
Anyway, they complained saying he is gone to be a guest with a man who is a sinner.
I can just hear them.
They probably had that bitter tone to their voice.
You ever heard them say people do that before?
Well, there are nothing but a sinner.
I don't know what it is about people that do that.
But, you know, I don't hear people do that a lot up here in the north, but down south, man, keeping that R contained for at least 10 seconds just emphasizes how much of a sinner a person is.
Yeah, you'll have to see some videos.
But anyway, this idea, why is that kiss?
Here you've got stories of two different individuals, both rich, but one wants Jesus, the other wants fame and eternal life.
When Jesus puts it to him, the one man accepts and the other man doesn't.
He runs away.
This is what Zacchaeus does.
Zacchaeus is so happy.
The Bible says he received them joyfully.
By the way, that word joyfully there is an attitude of excitement that is with motion.
Ever seen somebody get excited to start doing something like this?
The joyful, it's rapturing up inside of them.
You can't physically contain yourself.
Although sometimes we wish they could.
The idea is, and here's Zacchaeus verse eight.
Zacchaeus says, Lord, look, I give half my goods to the poor.
And if anything I've taken, if I've taken anything from anyone by false accusation, I will restore four fold.
Now that Jesus asked Zacchaeus,
to sell all he had and come follow him like the other man?
No, he didn't.
He didn't.
He didn't say anything to him.
What happened was when Zacchaeus came into the presence of Jesus, the very presence of Jesus convicted him of what he had done wrong.
And before Jesus had anything else to say to Zacchaeus, Zacchaeus found salvation and forgiveness and righting the wrongs he had made.
Look at what he says.
He says, you know what, Lord?
I'm going to give half of what I have right now to the poor.
Give it.
He said, well, Jesus asked the other guy to sell everything, but Jesus didn't ask Zach Yes to do anything.
It's automatically half of everything to the poor.
And he said, if I've wronged anybody and I've lied about what they did, maybe I took too many taxes from them when I shouldn't have.
You know what I'm going to do to those people?
You know what that means?
Probably by the time Zacchaeus is done doing his books, he's gonna have like, you know, 17 cents in a banana.
That's all he's gonna have left.
You're talking about lots of money.
I don't know if you've ever, ever gave back four times, but that's a lot.
Let's just say on average somebody, you know, stole $100 from somebody.
That means they pay him back 400.
That's a lot of money.
Zacchaeus is so, so,
just excited about what being in Jesus' presence.
We don't know what they talked about.
They may have said other stuff than this.
We don't really have any idea.
But what we know is being in Jesus' presence changed him completely.
And Jesus said, verse 9, today salvation has come to this house because he also is the son of Abraham.
What he did was he said, listen, he says, Zacchaeus knew he wasn't perfect.
He knew that he didn't have everything.
under control.
He knew that he didn't have everything right, but he knew also if he didn't start to try to make things right, they would never get right.
See, when Paul says in this scripture in Philippians 3.13, he says, Brother, I do not count myself to have apprehended, but one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind.
In other words, that kid is saying, listen,
I figured it out.
If I keep doing what I've always done, I'm never going to get forward in my relationship with God.
But if I put back, if I put down those things in the past, and I move forward in Jesus, and I give back what I've stolen, I can start to right the wrongs I've done and start to make my way to be more like Him.
Jesus said, hey, you got it.
You got it.
You figured it out.
The sad thing is, too many times today, more people are like the rich young ruler than the arts that He is.
too much.
I've already obtained too much.
I already know everything I want to know or everything I should know.
I laugh with the elementary school kids.
I'm up at the elementary school every day.
Sometimes I'll hold the door open for them as I'm trying to get out as the crowd is trying to come in.
And I'll look at a couple of them.
I say, can you learn something for me today?
My brain is full.
And they'll look at me like, you know, well, anyway.
And so, but this idea that people think that
because they've been in church 20 years that they've learned everything there is to learn or they know everything there is to know.
And Jesus is saying, listen, no matter how deep you've been in this thing, you've not achieved perfection.
In fact, none of us are going to achieve perfection until he perfects us.
The Bible says Paul talks about this in 1 Corinthians chapter 15.
There will come a day when Jesus himself will change corruption into incorruption or non-corruption.
and he'll change the things that are mortal into things immortal.
In other words, the things that corrupt our bodies now won't corrupt them anymore.
And the things that make us die, they won't kill us anymore.
That may be as close as we'll ever get to perfection when he does it for us.
But in this life, we're never going to get there.
But you know what?
Paul says in Philippians 3, he says, the goal is to keep trying.
The goal is to better ourselves.
The goal is to have the mind of Christ to think like Him, to do the things He would do, and not to go backwards.
I think that's very key.
Verse 16 says, now once we've reached a certain maturity, stay there.
Don't go back.
Look, that kid would have lost everything he attained if all of a sudden he says, you know, that 17 cents just doesn't go as far as I thought it would.
And that bananas are just getting old.
I liked it back when I had tax money.
I liked it better when I was doing that.
Listen, if he had gone back, he would have lost everything he gained.
Too many times, people in the church will think they've arrived at a place and the next thing you know, they'll take a month off a church thinking they've gotten everything they need to get and they find themselves going right back to the same sinful routine they've been before because they don't stay with it.
They don't keep moving forward.
and they don't let God take care of the things of their past.
In the end, we're never going to get anywhere with God if we don't move forward.
Thank you for watching today's service, but you really should visit in person.
Service time is your 10 a.m. Sunday morning, 6 p.m. on Sunday evening, and Wednesday night Bible study begins at 7 p.m. We're located at 582 Rockingham Road, on Route 5 just north of Bellows Falls.
For more information, you can visit our website at www.faithchristianag.com.
God bless you and have a great day.